You ever get that feeling like someone's watching you? It's like you're being followed, but when you look around, there's no one there. Creepy, right?
The thought of speaking in front of a crowd makes my palms sweat and my heart race. It's like stage fright on steroids.
Whenever I hear a noise outside my window at night, I freeze up, my mind racing through all the possibilities of what it could be.
It's like I'm constantly walking on eggshells, afraid of saying or doing the wrong thing and setting off a chain reaction of chaos.
You ever have that dream where you're falling and you jolt awake, heart pounding, sweat dripping? It's like that, but in real life.
The fear of the unknown is like a monster under the bed, lurking just out of sight but always there, waiting to pounce.
It's like my mind's playing tricks on me, conjuring up worst-case scenarios and making me believe they're actually going to happen.
The idea of being alone in the dark scares the crap out of me. It's like all my worst fears come to life when there's no one around to distract me.
Whenever I'm faced with a big decision, I can feel the panic rising up inside me, threatening to overwhelm me with doubt and uncertainty.
The feeling of being trapped is suffocating, like I'm stuck in a never-ending loop with no way out and no one to help me.
It's like I'm constantly waiting for the other shoe to drop, anticipating disaster at every turn and never allowing myself to fully relax.
The fear of failure is paralyzing, like I'm stuck in place, unable to move forward for fear of making a wrong move.
The feeling of helplessness is overwhelming, like I'm drowning in a sea of uncertainty and there's no one around to throw me a lifeline.
It's like I'm living in a horror movie, with every shadow and every noise signaling impending doom.
Sometimes, when I'm lying in bed at night, I get this irrational fear that I'm not alone, like there's someone or something watching me from the darkness.
The idea of being vulnerable with someone else terrifies me, like I'm giving them the power to hurt me in ways I can't even imagine.
It's like I'm constantly second-guessing myself, afraid of making a mistake that could have disastrous consequences.
The fear of the future is like a storm cloud looming on the horizon, dark and menacing, threatening to unleash its fury at any moment.
Sometimes, when I'm chilling alone, the quiet gets to me, and suddenly every little noise seems way scarier than it should be.
There's this weird tightness in my chest whenever I start overthinking things, like my brain's playing out all the worst-case scenarios on repeat.
Walking home after dark, every rustle in the bushes or distant sound feels like it's got me on edge, jumping at every little shadow.
The thought of stepping into the unknown freaks me out, you know? It's like diving into a black hole with no idea what's on the other side.
Making decisions can be a real headache sometimes. It's like my gut's tied up in knots, and I can't shake this sinking feeling of dread.
Nights alone in the house? They're cool until they're not. Suddenly, every little creak or groan has me convinced there's a ghost party happening without me.
Ever lie in bed at night, staring at the ceiling, and feel like the darkness is closing in on you? Yeah, it's like that. Makes me wish for a nightlight like I'm five again.
You ever feel like life's on autopilot, and you're just along for the ride? It's cool until you realize you're not the one driving, and suddenly, things feel a bit out of control.
Failure's like that one annoying friend who won't leave you alone, always whispering doubts in your ear when you least expect it. It's exhausting, man.
I'm scared of the unknown
Everyday I'm scared that people will just lose their shit and start world war 3.
I'm scared of people being more radical these days, it's like I don't know if someone is capable and willing to hurt me.
Everyday I wake up, I'm scared the country I ran away from will just do bad things to my family back home.
I've been more vigilant of people stabbing or doing any other random acts of violence on me, with all the news of it these days.
Sometimes, when I'm alone in the dark, I get this overwhelming sense of dread, like something is lurking just out of sight, waiting to pounce.
I'm not staying here a minute longer! There's something in that house... something evil!
I don't want to go into the basement. There's something down there... I can feel it.
We have to get out of here! Can't you hear it? The walls, they're whispering to us!
I saw it, I saw its eyes! They were glowing in the darkness... we're not safe here!
I don't want to die out here, I don't want to die!
We should have never come to this place! It's cursed, I tell you, cursed!
There's something in the woods, something hunting us... we're not going to make it out alive!
This isn't a joke anymore! We're dealing with something beyond our comprehension!
I don't know what it was, but it wasn't human... and it's coming for us!
We have to leave now! Can't you hear it scratching at the door? It's trying to get in!
I have not seen the Rake since he ruined my life, but I know that he has been in my room while I slept. I know and fear that one night I'll wake up to see him staring at me.
I am not a dog person.  This hasn't always been the case, though. As a matter of fact, I used to love them. I grew up telling everyone that I would be a veterinarian one day. Had that been the case, I'd like to think that I wouldn't be in the position I'm in now.  I'm a nervous wreck. As long as I can remember, I've suffered from constant paranoia. If you asked my parents, they'd tell you an entirely different story. According to them, I was calm, cool, and collected as a child. They say it wasn't until I was around 12 when the way I carried myself drastically changed. I don't remember much from back then... However, there was a particular scene from my childhood that I'll never be able to push out of my mind. Something (or rather someone), that has shadowed me for the rest of my life.
The next part is where it gets awful, and is the reason why I. ended up with all those stitches. First we heard the screaming again. This time it was anything BUT controlled. It was wild careening agony coming from the house. Then we heard the heaviest footsteps in the distance.  I'm not going to lie. I was ready to drop everything, grab I. and run out of there and straight back home without stopping.  I. was taken aback by the sudden sounds. He jumped back a little. The light bounced off something that was reflecting it. I first thought it was a dog, but it was a bird.
My heart did a drum solo in my chest when that spider rappelled down from the ceiling.
Nope, nope, noping right outta this haunted house. My brain is screaming at me.
Did you hear that creaking noise? I swear I saw the curtains move in the wind.
Okay, maybe one more horror movie trailer won't hurt... why am I peeking through my fingers?
Ten bucks says there's a clown hiding in the McDonald's playplace. Don't judge me, I saw "IT."
Stepping onto that wobbly high dive felt like defying gravity and common sense.
Lost in the woods without a phone? Yeah, my fight-or-flight kicked in real quick.
Crickets chirping outside my window at 3 am? My brain went straight to worst-case scenario.
Blindfolded taste test? My taste buds are freaking out, but I'm way too competitive to back down.
Confession time: I still hold my breath when I walk under a ladder.
Deep end of the pool? No thanks, I'll stick to the shallows where I can touch.
You can't convince me to ride a fast sports car, too many celebrities have died recklessly with it.
Camping alone in the wilderness? My imagination is running wild with what could go bump in the night.
That presentation at work better go smoothly, or I might spontaneously combust from stress.
The thought of heights makes my legs turn to jelly.
Horror movies? More like nope-vision for the next week.
I hope the zombies don't get to me before I find a bullet.
Do you see those videos of roller coasters moving side to side and nuts bolting off? I could never be paid enough to ride one of those.
I can't go to the restrooms at night, I've seen things...
The basement always feels a little too creepy, even in the daytime.
Swimming in the ocean? The vast unknown beneath me is a tad unsettling.
That math test better not have word problems. My brain does not compute.
I honestly can't go skydiving, I'll for sure freeze and fall flat.